# virtual-career-fair
The platform will host online ‘career fairs’ during which applicants and companies can come together to represent themselves. The MVP will consist of an interactive ‘career fair’ user interface, customizable portfolios, organized video calling and a basic rating system to provide feedback to both applicants and recruiters.  Upon starting the application for the first time, recruiters and applicants will be prompted to develop a profile with relevant information, experiences and interests. Once they have developed a profile, companies and applicants can reserve a spot in future career fairs. At these ‘career fairs’ applicants will be able to view all companies in the forum and what positions they are currently looking to fill.  If intrigued, the applicant can “visit” the virtual booth of the company for more detailed information. In the booth will be a more detailed description of open positions and the option to talk with a recruiter. If interested, the applicant will be entered into a queue and when the recruiter is available, the software will link them both to a personal video chat where they can further discuss opportunities and exchange contact information. After this discussion, recruiters will have the ability to save the candidate’s profile if they are interested, and rank the level of interest that they have. Recruiters will also be able to document their experience with the candidate and reflect on their organized list of interesting candidates at the end of the fair. Companies can view the applicants profile, recruiter notes and recruiter ratings in order to determine if they would like to extend an interview offer to each individual or invite them to enter their internal recruitment process.
